<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>
<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Salvo Tomaselli <ltworf@debian.org>
SPDX-License-Identifier: GFDL-1.2-or-later
-->

<refentry lang="&language;">
<refentryinfo>
<title>&skladnik; Manual Page</title>
<date>2024-03-22</date>
<releaseinfo>&skladnik; 0.5.2</releaseinfo>
</refentryinfo>

<refmeta>
<refentrytitle><command>skladnik</command></refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>6</manvolnum>
</refmeta>

<refnamediv>
<refname><command>skladnik</command></refname>
<refpurpose>Sokoban game</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>

<refsect1 id="description">
<title>Description</title>

<para>Skladnik is an implementation of the Japanese warehouse keeper game “sokoban”.</para>

<para>The idea is that you are a warehouse keeper trying to push crates to their proper
locations in a warehouse. The problem is that you cannot pull the crates or step over them.
If you are not careful, some of the crates can get stuck in wrong places and/or block your way.</para>

</refsect1>


<refsect1 id="options">
<title>Options</title>

<para>&skladnik; is configured graphically, and does not have any
commandline options other than the standard &kf6-full; and &Qt;
options.</para>

<variablelist>
<title>&skladnik; options</title>
<varlistentry>
<term><option>--help</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Display help and exit.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><option>--help-all</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Displays help including Qt specific options.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><option>--version</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Show version and exit.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><option>--author</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Shows information about the authors.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><option>--license</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Shows license information.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><option>--desktopfile</option> <parameter>FILENAME</parameter></term>
<listitem>
<para>Use FILENAME as the base file name of the desktop entry for this application.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

</variablelist>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>See Also</title>

<simplelist>
<member>More detailed user documentation is available from <ulink
url="help:/skladnik">help:/skladnik</ulink> (either enter this
&URL;, or run <userinput><command>khelpcenter</command>
<parameter>help:/skladnik</parameter></userinput>).</member>
<member><ulink
url="https://apps.kde.org/skladnik/">&skladnik; homepage</ulink></member>
<member>kf6options(7)</member>
<member>qt6options(7)</member>
</simplelist>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>Authors</title>
<para>&skladnik; is maintained by the joint efforts of the &kde; community.</para>
<para>This manual page was prepared by <personname><firstname>Salvo</firstname><surname>Tomaselli</surname></personname>
<email>ltworf@debian.org</email> for the &Debian; &GNU;/&Linux; system (but may be used by others).</para>
</refsect1>

</refentry>
